this is justin from make you so calm and
today we're going to be taking a look at
the asus zenfone 2 the first smartphone
to come with 4 gigabytes of RAM and it
cost under three hundred dollars this
device has a 5.5 inch screen in a thick
bulky body this is definitely not a
one-handed phone the back looks like
brushed metal but is really removable
plastic despite the back being removable
the battery is not however there's space
for two SIM cards and a microSD card
there are no buttons on the sides of the
zenfone 2 instead the power button is
located up top and the volume rocker is
on the back just below the camera which
is very similar to the style of the LG
g2 g3 and g4 whether you enjoy this
button layout or not is extremely
subjective but I found that I adjusted
quickly to the new button layout and
didn't mind it after a couple days on
the front asus has gone with three
capacitive buttons back home and recent
though these buttons don't light up like
the capacitive keys on the Samsung
Galaxy phones the double tap to wake and
sleep feature is here though so you can
easily wake the device by tapping twice
anywhere on the screen phone also has a
13-megapixel rear-facing camera as well
as a 5 megapixel front-facing camera the
rear-facing camera takes particularly
good low-light photos while both cameras
have a good array of different photo
settings like HDR and high resolution
the speaker grill is located along the
back of the device which can result in
muffled audio if you're holding the
phone along there while using it though
the sound does get reasonably allowed
inside the zenfone 2 is powered by a
quad-core intel atom processor 4
gigabytes of ram and 64 gigabytes of
storage which are some great specs for a
phone that costs only 299 dollars as
such performance is generally smooth and
snappy and multitasking is no problem
asus does include a few preloaded apps
you will probably choose to ignore like
zen talk party link and share link but
the bloatware for the most part is it
too bad the user interface doesn't stray
too far from stock Android the
notification panel has turned white and
they've added quick settings to the lock
screen but it's generally similar to
what you would experience on a nexus
device battery life was probably the
weakest part of this phone despite
having a 3000 milliamp hour battery the
zenfone 2 barely made it through a day
for me with light to moderate usage and
on busier days it died before I even got
home
in the end the zenfone 2 is definitely
worth a look if you want a cheap
off-contract smartphone but you might
get a better deal out of a moto g or one
plus one depending on your needs be sure
to head on over to make use of calm to
see how you can win an asus zenfone 2
for yourself
you